              aobaker ... ambient occlusion baking tool                                           
          blog-source ... my old graphics blog                                                    
               clumpy ... generate and transform numpy images from the command line               
                d3cpp ... sweep and prune demo                                                    
           distortion ... Fisheye Distortion in OpenGL                                            
              flatbin ... Tiny JavaScript utility for parsing simple binary files.                
             fluidsim ... GPU fluid simulation                                                    
                 giza ... low-level utility layer for WebGL                                       
                heman ... C99 heightmap utilities.                                                
iphone-3d-programming ... sample code from my O'Reilly book                                       
             kallmann ... triangulation and path planning module                                  
            knot-data ... Data for Mathematical Knots                                             
               knotgl ... Mathematical Knots in WebGL                                             
                 lava ... tiny C++ Vulkan library: smarter than a wrapper, dumber than an engine. 
           list-repos ... nim program for listing github repositories                             
  modern-opengl-prezo ... HTML Slideshow on Modern OpenGL                                         
             monarchy ... demonstrates high-performance 2D graphics with giza                     
                 nile ... fractal terrain generator in Nim                                        
      opengl-insights ... source code for "An Introduction to Tessellation Shaders"               
                  par ... single-file C libraries from Philip Allan Rideout                       
                 parg ... tiny C library of various graphics utilities and GL demos               
                 parm ... minimal macOS Metal application                                         
                  pez ... teeny tiny platform layer for simple OpenGL demos                       
           polygon.js ... tessellation of concave polygons with holes in Javascript               
  prideout.github.com ... my current graphics blog                                                
             quadmesh ... Animated quad meshes and smooth normal computation with Modern OpenGL.  
              recipes ... collection of tiny OpenGL demos                                         
           ribarchive ... random renderman stuff                                                  
                  rwt ... Recursive Wang tiles dataset for blue noise                             
              sfpaths ... Download and visualize Strava paths with D3 and Google Maps.            
                 skia ... fork of skia that is CMake-buildable                                    
            sympy-fun ... use SymPy to generate equations for parametric surfaces                 

archived: book-webgl coregl-python effects-salad gorman govmath heman-python lsystem reba reba-island tol 
